Great job you've finished a course you now a next just developer.
I hope you enjoyed the course and you'll learn a lot about next.
I hope you could feel some of my enjoyment and the fun I have to reading the Course and working with
Max because it really is a fun framework and makes the development of of us easier and more fun.
I'd love to see what you built because dad is a great next step dive into challenges cologne popular
apps in simpler words and use next and you practice with it solve the problems you'll face.
This will turn you into a world class next door view developer share anything you built.
I can't wait to see it.
And with that I wish you all the best and I'd of course hope to also welcome you in future courses if
you want.
So all the best to you by.